Third brother third brother
inherit me
Didn't you think of it?
Lao Tzu is still alive
I'm coming to see you off
Buried with my sister and my nephew
Third brother, third brother, wake up, third brother, wake up, wake up
Don't come and go
The third brother is mine
Get out of the way, third brother, how are you, third brother?
Good you're not dead.
Third brother, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Actually I won't live long
You really joined the demon race
No third brother is not what you think
How many people have you hurt for me, fourth brother?
We shall never meet again
Please hit me.
Never had a brother like you
Okay.
I'm not leaving
We will never see each other again
Please, I never had you as a brother
third brother
Can you?
Can you touch my head again?
Like
Like when I was a kid
Ok?
Just once.
Even just once
Can you trust me?
I didn't want to hurt my brother either.
only
I'm afraid your dream won't come true
But
But now
Your dream is coming true
also leave
Also dead
It doesn't matter